<h1>🚀 DivinityEconomy 1.20 - The Complete Overhaul (RC3.0) 🚀</h1>
<p>Hello Minecraft aficionados! 😄 We're excited to bring you the next round of updates to our innovative DivinityEconomy plugin, the <strong>Overhaul Update RC3.0</strong>.  This version expands on the previous improvements, introducing an enhanced help system, new chat colours for better command readability, more helpful error messages, and much more. Let's take a deep dive into this exciting update. 🎉</p>
<h2>🆕 What's New? 🆕</h2>
<ul>
<li>
    <h4>Vault Dependency</h4>
    <p>DivinityEconomy is now dependent on the popular plugin Vault. Vault is required for DivinityEconomy to work, it allows for seamless and cohesive usage between various economy plugins.<br><a href="https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/vault.34315/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Get Vault</a></p>
</li>
<li>
    <h4>Esellall</h4>
    <p>This amazing new commands adds the ability for users to sell all enchants in their inventory. It works like /sellall, whereby it accepts a whitelist or a blacklist of items to sell from.</p>
</li>
<li>
    <h4>Named / Lored Items</h4>
    <p>We have added the ability to skip both named and lored items, in the plugin config.</p>
</li>
<li>
    <h4>New Placeholders</h4>
    <p>We have added a few new placeholders, including the ability to get the value of exp points, both buying and selling.</p>
</li>
<li>
    <h4>New Items</h4>
    <p>We have added values and enabled the following items:</p>
    <ul>
        - Decorated Pottery<br>
        - Brush<br>
        - Pitcher Flower & Buds<br>
        - Pink Petals<br>
        - Piglin Head<br>
        - Relic Music Disc<br>
        - New Infested Blocks<br>
        - Chiseled Bookshelf<br>
        - Calibrated Sculk Sensor<br>
        - Pottery Sherds<br>
        - All Bamboo Blocks<br>
        - Torch Flower & Seeds <br>
        - Armour Trim Templates<br>
        - All Hanging-Sign Blocks<br>
        - All Cherry Tree Blocks<br>
    </ul>
    <br>
    <p>As well as adding the following items to the default blacklist:</p>
    <ul>
        - All 1.20 Spawn Eggs<br>
        - All 1.20 Spawners<br>
    </ul>
    <br>
    <p>Finally, we have removed certain broken potion types.</p>
</li>
<li>
    <h4>Plugin Speedup</h4>
    <p>We've spent alot of time improving algorithms and functions to be considerably faster.</p>
    <p>We've also introduced LRU Caching algorithms to 'searchable' aspects of the plugin to speed up the tab completion aspect of the plugin.
    <p>Furthermore, We've also introduced asynchronous caching algorithms that reduce plugin slowdown when dependant on slow functions, this was especially noticeable for baltop and searching players.</p> 
    <p>Most asynchronous tasks are also run directly from startup, meaning that you no longer need to wait for certain features, like baltop, to be shown on plugin startup.</p>
    <br>    
    <p>This greatly improves plugin speed when searching through materials, enchants, potions, players and more!</p>
</li>
<li>
    <h4>Improved Error & Success Messages</h4>
    <p>We've improved many messages across the plugin to be more accurate, beautiful and descriptive.</p>
</li>
<li>
    <h4>Vault Banking</h4>
    <p>We've introduced vault banking, meaning DivinityEconomy now supports Vault-Compatible banks.</p>
</li>
<li>
    <h4>Backups</h4>
    <p>We've introduced player and bank file backups, incase the primary file fails to save or becomes corrupted, a backup will automatically be loaded (if it exists).</p>
</li>
</ul>

<h2>✍️ Tweaks ✍️</h2>
<ul>
<li>
    <h4>Optimised Save Files</h4>
    <p>We've optimised player save files to not include ridiculously large decimal values.</p>
    <p>We've also removed player balance logs from save files, improving save time and plugin size.</p>
</li>
<li>
    <h4>Vault & PlaceholderAPI</h4>
    <p>We've updated our internal logic so that Vault is now properly supported, and PlaceholderAPI as been fixed.</p>
</li>
</ul>

<h2>🛠️ Fixes 🛠️</h2>
<ul>
<li>
    <h4>Duplicate Help Messages</h4>
    <p>We've fixed a bug that caused duplicate help messages to be shown when searching the help system.</p>
</li>
<li>
    <h4>Fixed Balance Rounding</h4>
    <p>We've fixed a bug that caused player balances to be rounded up, this often meant if you tried to send all of your balance, you'd get an overdraft error, no more!</p>
</li>
</ul>

<h2>‼️ Vault Dependency ‼️</h2>
<p>DivinityEconomy is dependent on the popular plugin Vault. Vault is required for DivinityEconomy to work, it allows for seamless and cohesive usage between various economy plugins.<br><a href="https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/vault.34315/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Get Vault</a></p>

<h2>💡 Optional Placeholder API Support 💡</h2>
<p>DivinityEconomy offers optional support for the Placeholder API. If server owners choose to enable this feature, they must have Placeholder API installed alongside DivinityEconomy. By supporting Placeholder API, DivinityEconomy further enhances its customization options and versatility, allowing server owners to create even more engaging and immersive economic experiences.<br><a href="https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/placeholderapi.6245/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Get PlaceholderAPI</a></p>

<hr>

<p>With its robust and matured features, DivinityEconomy stands out as a top-tier Minecraft economy plugin. As the plugin makes its official debut on Modrinth, Minecraft server owners and players can now enjoy an unparalleled in-game economy experience backed by years of development and refinement. Don't miss out on the opportunity to elevate your Minecraft server with DivinityEconomy.</p>

<hr>
<p><a href="https://github.com/HTTPStanley/DivinityEconomy/releases/tag/1.20-RC2.1" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">View Github Release</a></p>